The following enquiry was sent via the Elsevier website: \-- Sender -- First
Name: Mehmet Last Name: Demir Email: mdemirpitt.edu \-- Message -- My name is
Mehmet Demir from Turkey, University of Adiyaman. Now, I am visiting scholar
at University of Pittsburgh, US. I wonder that I completed my article "using
online peer assessment in an Instructional Technology and Material Design
course through social media". One assistan professor examined the article and
my advisor is examining the article. After that I will send to your journal.
If I send, How many months lasts for the article is published? Sorry, but when
I take a look your journal preparation section, I could not find the font.
Could you say me which fond should I use when I prepare the article. Thank
you. Best Mehmet \-- This email was sent you by Elsevier B.V. On behalf of
Mehmet Demir (mdemirpitt.edu) Elsevier B.V., Radarweg , NX Amsterdam, The
Netherlands. Reg. No. . Elsevier is not responsible for the content of this
email, and anything written in this email does not necessarily reflect the
views or opinions of Elsevier. Please note that neither the email address nor
name of the sender have been verified.

Dear Dr. Demir, Thank you for choosing JLI to submit your work and I would
like to let you know that the acceptance of an article will be decided only by
the editor. The editor may or may not choose to send your manuscript to review
based on the novelty of the research and we aim to complete the review process
within days if he choose to send the manuscript to review. However, this will
change according to the availability of the reviewers. If accepted we will
take - weeks to complete the production process. Also, we do not have any font
restriction to submit the manuscript. Please let me know if I could be of any
further help. Kind Regards, Surya Ms. Surya Nedunchezhiyan Journal Manager
Elsevier International Tech Park | Crest – th Floor | Taramani Road | Taramani
| Chennai | India Tel: + | Fax: + E-mail: S.Nedunchezhiyanelsevier.com Line
Manager: F.Jahanelsevier.com *** Maybe our favorite quotations say more about
us than about the stories and people we're quoting. - John Green.

Dear Surya Nedunchezhiyan Thank you so much for your interest. You mean that
if it accepted, about - months it longs for published at the journal. After
that date immediately you published or not. Sorry, I am asking because of my
country criteria. If I need to delay the article published data is it possible
or not? This my last question :) best mehmet  

Dear Dr. Demir, It is not possible to delay the publication process if the
article is accepted. Let me know if you have any further question. Kind
Regards, Surya. *** Maybe our favorite quotations say more about us than about
the stories and people we're quoting. - John Green.

Hi All,   I am getting in touch regarding a collection of commissioned short
review papers that we are putting together; the articles involved will be
published in the journals and then pulled together virtually. This was
originally borne out of the Engineering group but we are keen to extend this
to pull in relevant papers from journals in related areas, including renewable
and sustainable energy. We want the reviews to be akin to the papers published
in our Current Opinion journals: http://www.journals.elsevier.com/current-
opinion-in-environmental-sustainability/, so theyre much shorter and focus
on a recent advance (these papers tend to be extremely highly cited). The
other difference with these review papers is that we will fund them to be made
Open Access.   For , the commissioned papers are going to be collected around
a general theme of sustainability in Engineering. We plan to ask a selection
of editors to commission, altogether, papers across our journals. We hope to
have the papers submitted early next year (beginning of March) in the hope
that they’ll be reviewed and ready for publication in July/August next year.
Once the papers are published in their respective journals*, they will also be
highlighted in a gateway website called Engineering Advances, which will host
the abstract and title of the paper, and a link back to the article published
in the journal (the wireframe of the site will be similar to this: http://www
.cell-symposia-transcriptional-regulation.com/). Well market this
extensively and hope to get some support from the Engineering Academies in
promoting the papers (as theyre all Open Access there wont be any
restrictions on readership). We would love to consider a contribution from
Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews for this initiative; are there any
obvious high profile authors/rising stars that you could contact to put
together something like this? I am attaching a list of the agreed titles and
authors so far so you can ensure there is no duplication between what is
already agreed and what you propose.   We hope to add content each year
to this initiative, and to launch similar initiatives in different
disciplines, but will be the pilot year.   Let me know what you think and
I look forward to hearing from you soon.   All the best, Katie   *
Well set up a slightly different stream in EES to highlight these papers as
they come through review so the administrative process should be quite
straightforward.   Katherine Eve Executive Publisher, Energy Journals
Physical Sciences | GlobalSTM Journals | Elsevier Ltd.The Boulevard | Langford
Lane | Kidlington | Oxford | Oxon. | OX GB| UK Work landline: + () Work
mobile: + () Email: k.eveelsevier.com Skype: Elsevierenergy  
https://www.facebook.com/EnergyJournals https://twitter.com/energyjournals
http://www.linkedin.com/groups/Elsevier-Energy-Journals-   This email is
for use by the intended recipient only and contains information that may be
proprietary and/or confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, please
notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your inbox. 
Any unauthorized use or distribution of this email, in whole or in part, is
strictly prohibited and may be unlawful.  Unless explicitly designated as
an intended e-contract, this email does not constitute a contract offer, a
contract amendment, or an acceptance of a contract offer.    

Dear Dr. Busman,  Thank you for your interest in Learning and Instruction. I
have now read your abstract and based on what I have read, I think that,
although the topic of your study is interesting and relevant, the paper does
not sufficiently fit the focus of Learning and Instruction. This journal is an
international journal publishing empirical articles that investigate the
effects of instructional manipulations on learning and bring a theoretical
message. Typically, articles in this journal embed the empirical study
thoroughly in the international literature on learning and instruction. Your
paper is not focused on learning and instruction and the study is not embedded
in the literature on learning and instruction. I think other journals in the
field may be a better outlet for your paper.   Kind regards,   Jan Vermunt
Editor-in-Chief Learning and Instruction

Dear Dr. Vermunt, My colleagues and I are wondering if you think the attached
manuscript would be of interest to readers of your journal. Here is the
Abstract: Humans are hard-wired to pay attention to violent and sexual cues.
Because humans have limited attentional capacity, attention allocated to
violent and sexual cues decreases attention that can be devoted to encoding
important information in school. This research examines the effects of
exposure to violent and sexual media on general school performance (Study )
and Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) scores (Study ) in Turkish
youth. Study examined the relationship between exposure to violent and sexual
media on school performance in a large sample (N=) of youth. Study compared
TOEFL scores in boys living in dormitories in which consumption of media was
strictly regulated, and boys living at home. In Study , there was a
significant negative relationship between exposure to violent/sexual media and
school success. The effects remained significant even after controlling for
the total amount of media exposure. In Study , boys living in the dormitory
outscored those living at home on the TOEFL post-test immediately after the
and on a delayed post-test -week later. Because there were no differences
between boys living at home and those living in a dorm on the pre-test, the
post-test and delayed post-test differences cannot be attributed to initial
differences in English language proficiency between the two groups of boys.
These studies suggest that exposure to violent and sexual media impairs
adolescent school performance and foreign language memory. We can delete Study
if you think the paper is stronger without it. Thank you for your time! Best,
Brad Brad J. Bushman, Ph.D. Professor of Communication and Psychology Margaret
Hall and Robert Randal Rinehart Chair of Mass Communication School of
Communication The Ohio State University Derby Hall North Oval Mall Columbus,
OH - USA Tel: () - Fax: () - Email: bushman.osu.edu Webpage: http://www.comm
.ohio-state.edu/bbushman Skype: bjbushman Twitter: BradJBushman Watch my TEDx
talk "Aggression often starts when self-control stops”
http://tinyurl.com/kauxfk

Dear Dr. Zenker, Thank you for choosing JLI to submit a proposal and I am
sorry to let you know that the proposals for JLI are accepted once a year and
the notification is posted in the journal home page. Please look out for the
announcement later this year as we have already finalized proposals submitted
in . Please let me know if I could be of any further help. Kind Regards, Surya
Ms. Surya Nedunchezhiyan Journal Manager Elsevier International Tech Park |
Crest – th Floor | Taramani Road | Taramani | Chennai | India Tel: + | Fax: +
E-mail: S.Nedunchezhiyanelsevier.com Line Manager: F.Jahanelsevier.com ***
Maybe our favorite quotations say more about us than about the stories and
people we're quoting. - John Green.

Dear Editor Its my pleasure to receive the email about asking my opinion
whether the manuscript is appropriate for publication in Materials Research
Bulletin. Therefore, I have carefully read the manuscript (No MRB--). But I am
unfamiliar with the research content of the manuscript, so Im afraid I
cant give impartial review. I am sorry about I cant review the
manuscript.     Sincerely yours,   Ma Ruiting School of
Materials Science and Engineering, Shenyang Ligong University

Dear Claartje,   Please find attached my completed ATS worksheet to begin
cascades from Process Biochemistry (PRBI) and Enzyme and Microbial Technology
(ENZMICTEC) to Biotechnology Reports (BTRE). There is already a cascade from
Journal of Biotechnology (JBIOTEC) to BTRE. The cluster is BTECH. Please let
me know if you need additional information.   Thank you and best wishes, Lynn
Lynn Sherrer,Ph.D.Associate Publisher|Life Sciences|Elsevier Technology Square
STE  |Cambridge, MA| | USA Tel: + Mob: + l.sherrerelsevier.com  

Please enter your name, e-mail address and query below, then click 'Preview
and Send'. Name: Lorenzo Livi E-mail address: lliviscs.ryerson.ca Query: Dear
Editor, I was wondering if there are updates regarding our manuscript with ID
INS-D--. It is more than one year and we still do not know if the submitted
paper will be considered or not for publication at Information Sciences (or
perhaps considering a revision). It would be useful for us to obtain at least
a first decision. Please let me know if there is anything from our side that
we could do to assist you with the revision process. Best regards, Dr. Lorenzo
Livi

Dear Dr Scitotenv,   I hope this mail finds you well.   I am lead author on
the Water, Sanitation & Hygiene chapter for the Disease Control
Priorities, Edition . The chapter is now ready. As chapter authors, we have
been encouraged to publish our papers in an open access journal before the
book is itself published, and the Science of the Total Environment seems a
good fit for the topic of the chapter. In this edition of DCP, there are the
usual sections on burden of disease and effectiveness of interventions, but
with increased focus on economic tools for decision making (damage costs,
cost-benefit and cost-effectiveness analyses).   Would the Science of the
Total Environment be interested if we were to submit the chapter, converted to
a journal article (in terms of length)? What is the maximum length for a
review article?   With best wishes,   Guy     Guy HuttonSenior EconomistWater
and Sanitation Program (WSP)T + (- internal) M + (in India) M + (roaming) E
ghuttonworldbank.orgW www.wsp.org | www.worldbank.org/waterWorldBankWater
SkypeID guy.hutton HT House, - Kasturba Gandhi Marg, New Delhi, , India  

Dear Dr. Hutton, Thank you for your interest in submitting your paper to our
journal. I have contacted the Editors of STOTEN regarding your e-mail below.
You will soon receive a response from the Editor.   Regards, Allwyn
LouisJournal ManagerGlobal Journals ProductionA.Louiselsevier.comt +  

Dear teacher, Hi, i want some general information about the appeal procedures
of Journal of Alloys and Compounds. Does the journal considers the appeal and
what is the procedure for appeal. I shall be very grateful for the guidance.
Regards, Rizwan Akram

Dear Editorial Office, I am looking into publishing a paper in Journal of Arid
Environments. I saw that open access is $ but did not see a cost for
subscription-only prints. Can you please let me know how much it would cost to
publish a paper in JAE without doing open access? Thank you! Sincerely,
Marcella Fremgen Marcella Fremgen Research Assistant Boise State University
University Drive Boise, Idaho \--

Dear Professor Neilson, In submitting a paper to the Journal of Economic
Behavior and Organization, I encountered a problem. In the instructions on
Editorial Manager. Authors are told that one of the files that may be uploaded
is "Supplementary information". Yet, this cannot be done. How should I submit
it? I use Editorial Manager for the journal that I edit and supplementary
information can be uploaded. What I suspect happened is that the company that
sells the system replaced the "data brief" file for the "supplementary
information." My apologies for bothering you about this. I dislike troubling
an editor with a problem that involves the online software but I did not know
where else to turn. Sincerely, Frank Frank J. Fabozzi

Dear Nalini Kannan Hope this mail finds you in a great shape. Well, I
submitted one of my research papers ( please see below) to RTP but I had the
reply that you would see below. I was indeed very keen to publish it in RTP
but since this seems not possible please advise me what other relevant journal
that I can send my paper to. Sincere regards and thank you in advance for your
help Mohamed Tawfic

Hello, I would like to submit an article for Appetite, therefore, I have a
questions: . Please write the article can be translated into English us? .
Does the references are to be connected to the main text, as in publications
in open acces? I confess that I can not do it manually .... . How many
characters can count article (text + references). . How many have to wait for
an initial assessment of the publication? Thank You for the quick reply,
Agnieszka Bywalec

Query: Dear Editor I wonder our manuscript is on process or not. Because I
found a problem in my submission file after complete submit. All files in
Conflict of Interest part seem not be attached. If I need to change my
submission file for the progression, please let me know. Best Regards Junghee
Park

To the attention of Dear Editor-in-chief, I’m a PhD student at the University
Mohammed First, Faculty of Sciences- Oujda (FSO), Morocco. I would like to
submit an article manuscript entitled: “Annual evaluation of Phoracantha
semipunctata Fabricius, (Coleoptera: Cerambycidae) in the North Eastern
Morocco” in your Journal of arid environments. My best greetings to Mr. Editor
and Mr Director. Best regards Ghizlaine Souhila BELAL

Query: Dear Editor, My manuscipt has been submitted to JAC for half a month.
Unfortunately, manuscript number has not been assigned until now. I will be
grateful if you can help to find out the problem. And I am looking forwards to
your early reply. Best regards, Yan Chen

Ms. Ref. No.: COLSUA-D--R Title: Investigation on stability mechanism and
behaviour of waxy crude oil emulsion from basins in Malaysia Colloids and
Surfaces A: Physicochemical and Engineering Aspects Dear Associate Professor
Azuraien Japper-Jaafar, I have now had a chance to look closely at your
submission and I find that even though the material presented is appropriate
for Colloids and Surfaces A, and the referencing format has improved
substantially (although reference is still not complete… is it a MSc or PhD
thesis? How many pages? ) from the first version, the standard of English is
not at a level that I am prepared to accept for this journal. I strongly
recommend you have your manuscript fully edited by a professional manuscript
editing service or seek the help of a native English speaker to correct the
many issues of grammar that appear in your document. Thank you for giving us
the opportunity to consider your work. Yours sincerely, Franz Grieser, PhD
Editor Colloids and Surfaces A: Physicochemical and Engineering Aspects
DISCLAIMER : This e-mail and any files transmitted with it ("Message") is
intended only for the use of the recipient(s) named above and may contain
confidential information. You are hereby notified that the taking of any
action in reliance upon, or any review, retransmission, dissemination,
distribution, printing or copying of this Message or any part thereof by
anyone other than the intended recipient(s) is strictly prohibited. If you
have received this Message in error, you should delete this Message
immediately and advise the sender by return e-mail. Opinions, conclusions and
other information in this Message that do not relate to the official business
of PETRONAS or its Group of Companies shall be understood as neither given nor
endorsed by PETRONAS or any of the companies within the Group.

