Dear Dr. Vermunt, My colleagues and I are wondering if you think the attached
manuscript would be of interest to readers of your journal. Here is the
Abstract: Humans are hard-wired to pay attention to violent and sexual cues.
Because humans have limited attentional capacity, attention allocated to
violent and sexual cues decreases attention that can be devoted to encoding
important information in school. This research examines the effects of
exposure to violent and sexual media on general school performance (Study )
and Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) scores (Study ) in Turkish
youth. Study examined the relationship between exposure to violent and sexual
media on school performance in a large sample (N=) of youth. Study compared
TOEFL scores in boys living in dormitories in which consumption of media was
strictly regulated, and boys living at home. In Study , there was a
significant negative relationship between exposure to violent/sexual media and
school success. The effects remained significant even after controlling for
the total amount of media exposure. In Study , boys living in the dormitory
outscored those living at home on the TOEFL post-test immediately after the
and on a delayed post-test -week later. Because there were no differences
between boys living at home and those living in a dorm on the pre-test, the
post-test and delayed post-test differences cannot be attributed to initial
differences in English language proficiency between the two groups of boys.
These studies suggest that exposure to violent and sexual media impairs
adolescent school performance and foreign language memory. We can delete Study
if you think the paper is stronger without it. Thank you for your time! Best,
Brad Brad J. Bushman, Ph.D. Professor of Communication and Psychology Margaret
Hall and Robert Randal Rinehart Chair of Mass Communication School of
Communication The Ohio State University Derby Hall North Oval Mall Columbus,
OH - USA Tel: () - Fax: () - Email: bushman.osu.edu Webpage: http://www.comm
.ohio-state.edu/bbushman Skype: bjbushman Twitter: BradJBushman Watch my TEDx
talk "Aggression often starts when self-control stops‚Äù
http://tinyurl.com/kauxfk
